{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica-Narrow;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\li360\ri360\sb120 \b\f5 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li360 \f5\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\sb240\sa60 \f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}{\s6\sb240\sa60 \i\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{
\s7\sb240\sa60 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\sb240\sa60 \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}{\s9\sb240\sa60 \i\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li360\ri360 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 
Topic Text;}{\s16\li360\sb120 \b\f5 \sbasedon0\snext15 Topic Heading;}{\s17\li180 \b\f5\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext16 Topic Caption;}{\s18\fi-360\li720\ri360 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon15\snext18 Topic Text Item;}{\s19\li720\ri720 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon15\snext19 
Topic Text Indent;}{\s20\li720 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 Normal Indent;}{\s21\li144\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960 \f5\fs20\cf1 \snext21 Body text;}{\s22\qj\fi-720\li2880\ri360\sb119\sa119\sl224\slmult0\tx2880 
\b\f36\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext22 Clarion Shaded;}{
\s23\li144\ri144\sl180\slmult0\tx900\tx1080\tx1260\tx1440\tx1620\tx1800\tx1980\tx2160\tx2340\tx2520\tx2700\tx2880\tx3060\tx3240\tx3420\tx3600\tx3780\tx3960\tx4140\tx4320\tx4500\tx4680\tx4860\tx5040\tx5220\tx5400\tx5580\tx5760\tx5940\tx6120
\tx6300\tx6480\tx6660\tx6840\tx7020\tx7200\tx7380\tx7560\tx7740\tx7920 \b\f11\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 Code Sample;}{\s24\fi-144\li144\brdrb\brdrdot\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tldot\tx7920 \f5\fs20 \snext24 Index level 1;}{\s25\fi-202\li404\brdrb
\brdrdash\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tldot\tx7920 \f36\fs18 \snext25 Index level 2;}{\s26\fi-346\li692\brdrb\brdrdash\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tldot\tx7920 \f36\fs18 \sbasedon25\snext26 Index level 3;}{\s27 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext27 footnote text;}{\*\cs28 
\additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s29\fi-360\li2160\sb61\sa61\sl224\slmult0\keep\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960 \f8\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext29 TaskList;}{\s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext30 Body Text;}{
\s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext31 Summary 2;}{\s32\fi-720\li720\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx720\tx2160 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon31\snext32 Bullet List;}}{\info{\author Jim}{\operator Jim}
{\creatim\yr1996\mo10\dy24\hr10\min10}{\revtim\yr1996\mo10\dy24\hr10\min10}{\version1}{\edmins4}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49203}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\makebackup\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0
{\*\template C:\\WINWORD\\TEMPLATE\\ROBOHELP.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 
\f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} CONTENTS}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Contents}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Contents}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {
\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} The School Program
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This application keeps track of Students and Teachers, and the Courses and Classes they take or teach. 
\par Specific features of this application include:
\par \pard\plain \s32\fi-720\li720\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx720\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\*\bkmkstart IMAGE}{\*\bkmkend IMAGE}\{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab 
A photograph of each student is stored in a BLOB field in the database (not in a separate file on disk). This photograph is then printed on each Student\rquote s ID card.
\par \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab Grades for a Mid-Term Exam, Final Exam, and a Term Paper are recorded for each class a Student takes. Final Grades for each class are calculated by adding the Mid-Term Exam, Final Exam (worth 
double), and Term Paper, then dividing the result by 4. These grades are calculated when printing the Final Grades report.
\par \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab The Mid-Term Exam, Final Exam, and Term Paper grades can be updated using a Browse list demonstrating edit-in-place.
\par \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab Drag and drop techniques have been used every place an entry control\rquote s value should come from another data file.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} TopSpeedUniversity}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} TopSpeed University}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} TopSpeed University}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} TopSpeed University
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This is the main frame for the application.  All activity starts from here.  The individual components of the program are accessed from pulldown menus located across the top of the window.
\par The program can be minimized to an icon by clicking the  - image located in the top right corner.  The program can be closed by clicking the X image located in the top right corner or double-clicking the envelope icon in the upper left corner.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 File Menu
\par }{\b Print Setup}{\b\fs24 \tab }Displays a standard Windows printer window which will allow the selection of  certain printing parameters, such as paper size, orientation and destination.
\par {\b Exit}\tab Closes the program.
\par {\b\fs24 Edit Menu
\par }{\b Cut }\tab Copies the highlighted text to the Windows clipboard and removes it from the highlighted position on the screen. Enabled when option is valid.
\par {\b Copy}\tab Copies the highlighted text to the Windows clipboard.  Enabled when option is valid.
\par {\b Paste}\tab Takes any information stored in the Windows clipboard and inserts it at the place where the cursor is currently located. Enabled when option is valid.
\par {\b\fs24 Trees Menu
\par }{\b Class Tree}\tab Display the Class Tree to show all the classes associated with each course and the students enrolled in each class.
\par {\b Student Tree\tab }Display the Student Tree to show all the Students and the classes in which they are enrolled.
\par {\b\fs24 Browse Menu
\par }{\b Students\tab }Display the window that lists all the Students.
\par {\b Teachers\tab }Display the window that lists all the Teachers.
\par {\b Classes\tab }Display the window that lists all the individual Classes taught.
\par {\b Enrollment\tab }Display the window that lists all the Students enrolled in each Class.
\par {\b Courses\tab }Display the window that lists all the Courses.
\par {\b Majors\tab }Display the window that lists all the Majors.
\par {\b\fs24 Reports Menu
\par }{\b Student Class Schedules\tab }{\fs18 Creates a report of all the Classes in which a Student is enrolled.
\par }{\b Teacher Class Schedules\tab }{\fs18 Creates a report of all the Classes to which a Teacher is assigned.
\par }{\b Attendance Sheets\tab }{\fs18 Creates a report of all the Classes and the Students enrolled in that class.
\par }{\b Course Enrollment\tab }{\fs18 Creates a report of all the Courses, the Classes taught for each, and the Students enrolled in each class.
\par }{\b Course Enrollment Summary\tab }{\fs18 Creates a summary report of all the Courses, the Classes taught for each, and the number of Students enrolled in each class.
\par }{\b Final Grades\tab }{\fs18 Creates a \ldblquote report card\rdblquote  for each student, with final grades and GPA calculated.
\par }{\b Student IDs\tab }{\fs18 Prints an Identification card for each student, complete with their picture.
\par }{\b\fs24 Window Menu
\par }{\b Tile\tab }Arranges all currently open windows so that all windows are visible on the screen and are all sized to the same dimensions.{\b\fs24 
\par }{\b Cascade\tab }Arranges all currently open windows so that all the title bars of each window are visible and one window is \ldblquote stacked\rdblquote  on top of another.{\b\fs24 
\par }{\b Arrange Icons\tab }Arranges all currently open windows that are minimized to icons into a straight and orderly fashion.{\b 
\par }{\b\fs24 Help Menu
\par }{\b Contents\tab }Displays the main screen of the help document.{\b 
\par Search for Help On\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  }Displays the help window with the capability to search for a particular topic.{\b 
\par About\tab }Displays the window with general information about this application.
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 The toolbar provides the following navigation, data entry, and help buttons:
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 \{bmc vcrtop.bmp\}\tab Scrolls to the first row in a list or to the previous parent item in a hierarchical list. For update screens, saves the current item before scrolling.

\par \{bmc vcrpgup.bmp\}\tab Scrolls up one page in a list or to the previous item on the same level in a hierarchical list. For update screens, saves the current item before scrolling. 
\par \{bmc vcrrowup.bmp\}\tab Scrolls up one row in a list or to the previous item on any level in a hierarchical list. For update screens, saves the current item before scrolling. 
\par \{bmc vcrloc.bmp\}\tab Locates the requested item in the list.
\par \{bmc vcrrowdn.bmp\}\tab Scrolls down one row in a list or to the next item on any level in a hierarchical list, expanding the collapsed level if necessary. For update screens, saves the current item before scrolling. 
\par \{bmc vcrpgdn.bmp\}\tab Scrolls down one page in the list or to the next item on the same level in a hierarchical list. For update screens, saves the current item before scrolling. 
\par \{bmc vcrbottm.bmp\}\tab Scrolls to the last row in the list or to the next parent item in a hierarchical list. For update screens, saves the current item before scrolling. 
\par \{bmc vcrsel.bmp\}\tab Selects the highlighted row in the list.
\par \{bmc vcradd.bmp\}\tab Calls an update{\i  }procedure to add a new item.
\par \{bmc vcrchg.bmp\}\tab Calls an update{\i  }screen to change the item highlighted in the list.
\par \{bmc vcrdel.bmp\}\tab Deletes the item highlighted in the list.
\par \{bmc vcrditto.bmp\}\tab On an update screen only, pastes into the field with focus, the corresponding value from the previously processed item. In other words, repeat the value from the previous saved item.
\par \{bmc vcrhelp.bmp\}\tab Displays the on-line help for the active window.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} ClassTree}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Class Tree}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 
\f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Class Tree}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Class Tree
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays a Tree control of all the Courses, all the Classes for each Course, and the Students enrolled in each Class. The Tree opens displaying just the Courses. 
\par You can expand a level by clicking on the + box, or contract a level by clicking on the - box. Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete any record at any level of the Tree, or Expand and Contract all the Tree levels.

\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 Expand All\tab }Press this button to expand all the levels of the Tree to display all the Classes and Students.
\par {\b\fs24 Contract All\tab }Press this button to contract all the levels of the Tree to display just the Courses.
\par {\b\fs24 Close}\tab Press this button to close the window.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} StudentTree}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Student Tree}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 
\f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Student Tree}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Student Tree
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 
This window displays a Tree control of all the Students and all the Classes in which they are enrolled. The Tree opens displaying just the Students. Some Classes display in Red (representing danger), because the student has a Mid-Term, Final Exam, or
 Term Paper grade less than 70.
\par You can expand a level by clicking on the + box, or contract a level by clicking on the - box. Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete any record at any level of the Tree, or Expand and Contract all the Tree levels.

\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 Expand All\tab }Press this button to expand all the levels of the Tree to display all the Classes for each Student.
\par {\b\fs24 Contract All\tab }Press this button to contract all the levels of the Tree to display just the Students.
\par {\b\fs24 Close}\tab Press this button to close the window.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} BrowseStudents}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Browse Students}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Browse Students}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Browse Students
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays a LIST control of all the Students. The three Tabs allow you to choose the sort order in which to view the Students List \endash  by their Major, Last Name, or Graduation Year.
\par Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 Close}\tab Press this button to close the window.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} BrowseTeachers}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Browse Teachers}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Browse Teachers}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Browse Teachers
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays a LIST control of all the Teachers. The two Tabs allow you to choose the sort order in which to view the Teachers List \endash  by their Department or Last Name.
\par Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 Close}\tab Press this button to close the window.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} BrowseClasses}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Browse Classes}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Browse Classes}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Browse Classes
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays a LIST control of all the Classes. The two Tabs allow you to choose the sort order in which to view the Classes List \endash  by their Class Number or Course Number.
\par Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 Close}\tab Press this button to close the window.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} BrowseEnrollment}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Browse Enrollment}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Browse Enrollment}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Browse Enrollment
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays a LIST control of all the Students enrolled in each Class. The two Tabs allow you to choose the sort order in which to view the List \endash  by the Class Number or Student Number.
\par Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 Close}\tab Press this button to close the window.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} BrowseCourses}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Browse Courses}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Browse Courses}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Browse Courses
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays a LIST control of all the Courses offered. There is only one sort order in which to view the List \endash  by the Course Description.
\par Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 Close}\tab Press this button to close the window.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} BrowseMajors}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Browse Majors}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Browse Majors}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Browse Majors
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays a LIST control of all the Majors offered. There is only one sort order in which to view the List \endash  by the Major Description.
\par Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 Close}\tab Press this button to close the window.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} UpdateGrades}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Update Grades}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Update Grades}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Update Grades
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays a LIST control of all the Students in each Class and their grades for the Mid-Term, Final Exam, and Term Paper. You can update the grades (only) \ldblquote in-place\rdblquote  in the List.
\par Double-click on the grade to change and an edit window appears allowing you to change the grade. When a new value is entered, press tab, or double-click on another grade to change and the changed grade is written to disk.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b\fs24 Close}\tab Press this button to close the window.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} UpdateStudents}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Update Students}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Update Students}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Update Students
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays one Student\rquote s information.  It also has a list of all Classes in which the Student is enrolle
d on the Enrollment tab. The Photo tab displays a picture of the Student that is stored directly in the database (not in a separate image file).
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b General Tab\tab }Displays the Student\rquote s General information.{\b 
\par First Name}\tab The Student\rquote s Christian name.
\par {\b Last Name}\tab The Student\rquote s surname.
\par {\b Address}\tab The Student\rquote s street address.
\par {\b Address2}\tab A second address line, if required.
\par {\b City}\tab The city in which the Student resides.
\par {\b State}\tab The state in which the Student resides.
\par {\b Zip}\tab The ZIP postal code for the Student\rquote s residence.
\par {\b Telephone}\tab The Student\rquote s phone number.
\par {\b Grad Year}\tab The year in which the Student expects to graduate.
\par {\b Number}\tab The Student\rquote s Social Security Number, which is also used as the Student Number.
\par {\b Major}\tab The code number of the Student\rquote s Major. When adding a new student, the Drag Major toolbox automatically appears to allow you to drag the appropriate Major and drop it on the Major entry control. To change an existing Student\rquote 
s Major, press the {\b \'85} button to the right of the entry control to re-display the Drag Major toolbox.
\par {\b Enrollment Tab\tab }Displays a LIST control of all the Classes in which the Student is enrolled (not visible when adding a new record). Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.{\b 
\par Photo Tab\tab }Displays a picture of the Student that is stored directly in the database (not in a separate image file).{\b 
\par Image File Name\tab }When adding a new Student, or changing a Student\rquote s picture, either enter the name of the image file containing the picture (GIF, PCX, BMP, WMF, JPG, or ICO) or press the {\b \'85}
 button and select the file from a standard file open dialog. This picture is then displayed on screen and is stored directly in the database when you press the OK button.{\b 
\par OK}\tab Press this button to write the record to the file on disk and close the window.
\par {\b Cancel}\tab Press this button to close the window without writing the record to disk.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} UpdateTeachers}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Update Teachers}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Update Teachers}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Update Teachers
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays one Teacher\rquote s information.  It also has a list of all Classes to which the Teacher is assigned.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b General Tab\tab }Displays the Teacher\rquote s General information.{\b 
\par First Name}\tab The Teacher\rquote s Christian name.
\par {\b Last Name}\tab The Teacher\rquote s surname.
\par {\b Address}\tab The Teacher\rquote s street address.
\par {\b Address2}\tab A second address line, if required.
\par {\b City}\tab The city in which the Teacher resides.
\par {\b State}\tab The state in which the Teacher resides.
\par {\b Zip}\tab The ZIP postal code for the Teacher\rquote s residence.
\par {\b Telephone}\tab The Teacher\rquote s phone number.
\par {\b Department}\tab The code number of the Teacher\rquote s department (the same as the Majors). When adding a new student, the Drag Major toolbox automatically appears to a
llow you to drag the appropriate Major and drop it on the Department entry control. To change an existing Teacher\rquote s Department, press the {\b \'85} button to the right of the entry control to re-display the Drag Major toolbox.
\par {\b Classes Tab\tab }Displays a LIST control of all the Classes to which the Teacher is assigned (not visible when adding a new record). Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.{\b 
\par OK}\tab Press this button to write the record to the file on disk and close the window.
\par {\b Cancel}\tab Press this button to close the window without writing the record to disk.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} UpdateClasses}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Update Classes}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Update Classes}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Update Classes
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays one Class\rquote s information.  It also has a list of all Students enrolled in the Class.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b General Tab\tab }Displays the Class\rquote s General information.{\b 
\par Class Number}\tab A unique number identifying the Class, in the format ##-#####.
\par {\b Course Number}\tab The code number of the Course the Class will teach. When adding a new Class, the Drag Course toolbox automatically appears to allow you to drag the appropriate C
ourse  and drop it on the Course Number entry control. To change an existing Course Number, press the {\b \'85} button to the right of the entry control to re-display the Drag Course toolbox.
\par {\b Teacher Number}\tab 
The code number of the Teacher for the Class. When adding a new Class, the Drag a Teacher toolbox automatically appears to allow you to drag the appropriate Teacher and drop it on the Teacher Number entry control. To change an existing Teacher Number, pr
ess the {\b \'85} button to the right of the entry control to re-display the Drag a Teacher toolbox.
\par {\b Room Number}\tab The number of the Room where the Class will be held.
\par {\b Scheduled Time}\tab The times the Class will be held.
\par {\b Enrollment Tab\tab }Displays a LIST control of all the Students enrolled in the Class (not visible when adding a new record). Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.{\b 
\par OK}\tab Press this button to write the record to the file on disk and close the window.
\par {\b Cancel}\tab Press this button to close the window without writing the record to disk.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} UpdateEnrollment}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Update Enrollment}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Update Enrollment}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Update Enrollment
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window enrolls one Student in one Class
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b Student Number}\tab 
The number of the Student to enroll. When adding a new Enrollment record, the Drag Student toolbox automatically appears to allow you to drag the appropriate Student and drop it on the Student Number entry control. To change an existing Student Number, p
ress the {\b \'85} button to the right of the entry control to re-display the Drag a Student toolbox.
\par {\b Class Number}\tab The code number of the Class in which to enroll the Student. Whe
n adding a new Enrollment record, the Drag Class toolbox automatically appears to allow you to drag the appropriate Class and drop it on the Class Number entry control. To change an existing Class Number, press the {\b \'85}
 button to the right of the entry control to re-display the Drag Class toolbox.
\par {\b MidTerm}\tab The Student\rquote s grade on the Mid-Term examination.
\par {\b Final}\tab The Student\rquote s grade on the Final examination.
\par {\b Term Paper}\tab The Student\rquote s grade on the Term Paper.
\par {\b OK}\tab Press this button to write the record to the file on disk and close the window.
\par {\b Cancel}\tab Press this button to close the window without writing the record to disk.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 \page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} UpdateCourses}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Update Courses}} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Update Courses}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Update Courses
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 This window displays one Course\rquote s information.  It also has a list of all Classes scheduled to teach the Course.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b Complete Description Tab\tab }Displays a Text box containing a complete description of the Course and its prerequisites. {\b 
\par General Tab\tab }Displays an Entry box containing a short description of the Course.{\b 
\par Classes Tab\tab }Displays a LIST control of all the Classes scheduled which will teach this Course (not visible when adding a new record). Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.{\b 
\par OK}\tab Press this button to write the record to the file on disk and close the window.
\par {\b Cancel}\tab Press this button to close the window without writing the record to disk.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa120\keepn \b\f5\fs28 {\*\bkmkstart Fred}{\*\bkmkstart ROBOHELP}\page {\cs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super #} UpdateMajors}} {\cs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super $} Update Majors}
} {\cs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super K} Update Majors}} {\cs28\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s27 \f5\fs20 {\cs28\super +} SCHOOL:0}} Update Majors
\par \pard\plain \s30\sa120 \f5\fs20 {\*\bkmkend Fred}{\*\bkmkend ROBOHELP}This window displays one Major\rquote s information.  It also has a list of all Teachers (the Majors file is also their Departments file) and Students with this Major.
\par \pard\plain \s31\qj\fi-2160\li2160\sb120\sa120\sl224\slmult0\tx2160 \f5\fs20 {\b General Tab\tab }Displays an Entry box containing the name of the Major.{\b 
\par Teachers Tab\tab }Displays a LIST control of all the Teachers in the Department (not visible when adding a new record). Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.{\b 
\par Students Tab\tab }Displays a LIST control of all the Students with this Major (not visible when adding a new record). Right-click displays a pop-up menu allowing you to Insert, Change, or Delete a record.{\b 
\par OK}\tab Press this button to write the record to the file on disk and close the window.
\par {\b Cancel}\tab Press this button to close the window without writing the record to disk.
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \f5\fs20 
\par } 